[Michael]
Previously on Will Trent ...
[Amanda]
Let's talk about Paul Campano.
Get off me. Trashcan.
[Abigail] You know each other?
Paul and I grew up together
in the children's home.
I can't believe
you guys are still hooking up.
You know there's a whole world
out there full of people.
right?
-You have nightmares? Me too.
-Four nights out of seven.
I was gonna kill you.
There is a monster in there
after all.
You brought calamity
upon our family.
-[screams]
-[gunshot]
[grunts] See you soon.
[person] No! [sobs]
[♪ sinister music playing]
[whimpers. screams]
Why are you doing this?
[sobbing]
[nail gun fires]
[knife clatters]
[screams]
[nail gun fires]
Please. Don't.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[water sloshing]
-[groaning]
-Oopsie.
-Sorry about that.
-[sighs]
-[siren wailing]
-[camera clicking]
[♪ tense music playing]
The victim. Joelle Hornbaker.
could have escaped.
She stopped.
Why?
Death was waiting
in the opposite direction.
The angle of these nails
suggests the killer
was much taller.
assumed to be male.
Given the unique choice
of weaponry.
he wanted Mrs. Hornbaker
to suffer.
No signs of forced entry
anywhere.
and it doesn't look like
anything was stolen
in the house.
Anyone get a hold
of her husband?
Eli Hornbaker was notified
an hour ago.
He's on his way back from
a business trip in Memphis.
The killer knew she was alone.
Mrs. Hornbaker was the target
of this home invasion.
How are we doing there?
I'm not finding anything.
No smudges.
no fabric impressions. nothing?
Not a one.
Well. keep looking.
The killer
wiped down the scene.
Nothing we haven't seen before.
But how often
do they clean for prints
and leave us the murder weapon
for us to find?
Never.
[Will] She reached
for this drawer...
to get a knife
to defend herself.
a chef's knife.
So where is it?
You collect a knife?
Nope.
[Faith] Maybe the killer
took it with him.
She could have defended herself
and gotten a piece of him.
No. I didn't let her
get that close.
You?
-What?
-[Paul] Excuse me.
No. I... Let me through.
I live on this street.
I have some information.
-What the hell is this?
-I didn't come to talk
to a schmo in a uniform.
Let me talk to the main guy.
whoever's in charge. Not you.
Paul?
Will. Thank God.
See? This is what I meant.
This is who I talk to.
What the hell
are you doing here?
I live down the street.
I moved a couple years ago.
Okay. Remember my partner.
Special Agent Faith Mitchell?
Yeah. hi.
Listen. I know who did it.
[Will sighs]
Paul. this looks like
a toddler drew it.
What?
It has all the key descriptors.
Big. burly. bag. beard.
brunette. Five Bs.
Do your job. go find him.
When did you see
this individual?
4:00 a.m. This morning.
What were you doing up
at 4:00 a.m.?
-4:00 a.m. club.
-What?
Studies show that people
who get up at 4:00 a.m.
are more productive.
maximize their day
and live five years longer
than the average person.
You just made all that up.
I'll send you some podcasts.
Please don't.
And what do you do
every morning at 4:00 a.m.?
Morning meditation.
followed by a red-light mask.
followed by some journaling.
Peloton ride. cold plunge.
eastern sun exposure.
I've never felt better.
So. when did you see
Mr. Beardo Baggins over here?
Yeah. so I went out
to get my meal plan.
that's when I saw the guy.
He was
right next to Joelle's house.
Joelle's.
Yeah. Joelle and Eli's house.
Eli and Joelle's house.
Eli's house.
[chuckles]
-She was a beautiful woman.
-Was she?
Paul. were you
and Joelle Hornbaker intimate?
Oh. God. Eli!
-Hey. Hey. hey.
-You killed her.
you son of a...
-Eli! Eli!
-[shouts]
He was sleeping with Joelle.
She tried to break it off.
and he killed her.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I broke it off with her.
[Will] Hey!
Hey. listen.
I am sorry for your loss.
but I'm gonna need you
to calm down
before I have to put you
under arrest.
-[Will] Get him out of here.
-Let's go.
[Will] Okay.
The truth. Right now.
-I didn't kill her.
-But you had an affair.
Well. okay. look. I was...
I was over there for a dinner
party like last year. okay?
We're at the table.
I'm across from her.
All of a sudden.
I feel her foot on my crotch.
-Oh. Paul--
-No. no.
it's not as sexy as it sounds.
She was drunk.
I mean. she was. like.
really digging around in there
-like she was trying
to find her keys.
-Paul. this is serious!
Yeah. I know it's serious!
She was brutally murdered!
We'd hook up
when Eli was away for business.
It was very casual--
When's the last time
you two saw each other?
Last night.
You mean before she was killed?
I only went over there
to break things off with her.
which I did.
-Then we had breakup sex.
-Oh. great.
So. you're telling me
we're gonna find your DNA
inside the victim?
-Hmm?
-[stammers]
-Probably. yeah.
-Then you ran up
to the crime scene
claiming you saw a shadowy.
bearded. faceless man.
You know
what you sound like to me?
-The murderer.
I don't think
he's the murderer.
I think
he's a stupid. stupid man.
but he's not our guy.
Well. he's the last known
person to see her alive.
And we'll get DNA.
[sighs]
There's something different
about this case. Amanda.
I don't have it all
figured out yet.
but this was not
a crime of passion.
Killer is patient. cold.
detail-oriented.
none of which
reads like Paul Campano.
Will might be right.
Eli Hornbaker insisted
the nail gun wasn't his.
so I traced the serial number
to a Brent Shipley.
-Did you reach out?
-I don't think he'd answer.
Brent Shipley was killed
last year in a home invasion.
Same MO too. No fingerprints
and a weapon
left at the crime scene.
You both know what that means.
Serial killer.
[Angie] What's it look like?
Hit-and-run. No witnesses.
A bagel? Are you kidding me?
Softball season
right around the corner.
Kinda feels like
you don't care.
[Angie] Mmm. Everything.
Who thinks
this is a hit-and-run?
The car's still here. O'Hara.
Yeah. well. he hit the guy
and then ran on foot.
The car's registered
to a Benjamin Price.
Well. it should be
easy to solve.
You just had to get pregnant
during softball season.
huh. Polaski?
Dude. the pregnancy
was unplanned.
Yeah. except no one on our team
rounds the bases like you do.
Irreplaceable.
Hey. what color's
the vic's hair?
[sighs] Black.
[Franklin]
Well. I got some white hair
here and some blood too.
Yeah. his eyes
are swollen shut.
Whole face is swollen.
He's red. but it doesn't
look like road rash.
Can't even tell
where this guy got hit.
You know. Heidi Klum was in
Victoria's Secret's runway show
five weeks
after she gave birth.
Ooh. You just walked
into a propeller. bud.
Don't you ever compare me
to Heidi Klum again.
or any other woman
who snapped back in five weeks.
-I have a gun.
-Understood.
-Okay.
-[Franklin] Got it.
[Michael]
Take a look at his neck.
[Angie] Yeah.
Broken trachea. at least.
Still doesn't explain
the puffy eyes.
[sniffs] Oh. Pepper spray.
[Angie] Okay. so...
dude gets hit
with pepper spray.
has an allergic reaction.
stumbles out into the street
and gets hit by a car
on the throat.
That's not real.
You're right.
Because this is the driver.
His name is Ben Price.
He's 35 years old
and not an organ donor.
Our victim was the driver?
Who did he hit?
And where are they?
And why is he dead?
Well. he got a couple of texts
from somebody named Luna.
"What did you hit?
Are you okay? I can't believe
you hung up on me."
-Let's find Luna.
-[Franklin] Let's find Luna.
-[Angie] You don't want that.
do you?
-What?
[Sandra] That's definitely
Daddy's nail gun.
He always joked it was
the first Father's Day gift
he didn't have to wear
on his feet.
Have you ever seen
these people before. Sandra?
I can't say that I have.
What about the day
your dad was murdered?
I know it's painful.
but is there anything
that you can share?
My story hasn't changed.
I stopped by to visit Daddy.
and I found him laid out
in the living room. dead.
His head was busted open
with a bat.
[sniffles] The irony is
he hated baseball. [chuckles]
-He didn't own the bat?
-Uh. I never saw it before
in my life.
You know. I-I came here today
hoping there was
some new information
about Daddy's killer.
but it looks like I'm back here
playing storyteller
for y'all again.
-I know that it's--
-You don't know a damn thing!
Nothing.
You're right. You're right.
I do not know anything
about your pain or your loss.
But I do believe that
this murder is connected
to another murder.
which means that we have
more information
than we did before.
We're gonna catch him.
I don't know how anyone
was able to sneak up on my dad.
He was so cautious.
and he always had
his panic button.
He wore that thing around
like a necklace.
I always thought that maybe...
Maybe your dad knew the killer.
Yeah.
[sighs]
Joelle Hornbaker was killed
with a nail gun that belonged
to Brent Shipley.
Brent Shipley was murdered
with a bat that wasn't his own.
Maybe it belonged
to a previous victim
we don't know about yet.
Maybe it's a pattern.
[♪ sinister music playing]
[breathing shakily]
[muffled chattering]
[on TV] He's been dead
for almost a year now.
Still you might have
some consideration
for your husband's memory.
I don't see what
Edwin's got to do with this.
I'm not leaving him.
I'm leaving you.
After all we've tried
to do for you...
You've both been so very kind
to me. but I'm not really...
So he takes something
from each victim and
murders the next guy with it.
Mmm. It's cute.
Little gimmicky. but whatever.
It's not a competition.
Will. Will. Will. Will.
Will. Will. I must say.
you needing me
to be the dark you...
is truly flattering.
You must miss me.
How's hell treating you. James?
Hmm. Too many group activities.
Not a fan.
You're going deep
with these "Will-o-visions."
adding role-play. I like it.
Trying to get inside
the killer's head.
Sure. Whatever you need
to tell yourself.
Go ahead. Batter up.
-[grunts]
-[bones crack]
Oh. nice work.
What did we learn?
The killer enjoyed it.
Yeah. you did. I love seeing
this side of you. by the way.
Imagine if I were alive.
we could rent a van
with no windows.
Mmm. We'd have so much fun.
Can I do this one?
No.
Look.
she's got a lot of energy.
You might need an extra hand.
[gasps] No. please.
[whimpering. sobbing]
Why did you stop?
Someone must have
blocked her path.
[both] But if someone blocked
poor Joelle from escaping.
that must mean...
There's two killers.
Oh. It's such a joy
to watch you work again.
So. Luna.
can you tell us anything
about what was happening
leading up to Benjamin's death?
You know. Ben was my man.
My man. my man. my man.
-I'll show you later.
-Okay.
Uh. were you talking to Ben
right before he died?
We had lunch at R. Thomas Grill
and were FaceTiming
after we left.
We always FaceTimed
on the way home.
While you were driving?
We do it all the time.
Don't you?
Well. no. 'cause it's illegal.
And you could get
in a car accident.
Oh. well. that's not why he...
I mean. maybe?
Ben definitely hit something
because it cracked
his windshield.
And I heard some lady yell.
"You killed my baby."
"You killed my baby"?
I could tell Ben was shook.
He didn't want me
to see him like that.
so he said he'd call me back.
[♪ intriguing music playing]
But then he never did.
What baby did Ben kill?
Yeah. hi. I-I was calling
to see if you've had
any hit-and-run victims
admitted today. or any sort of
vehicle-type-related injuries.
Sure. I'll hold.
Hey. what about Keaton?
He looks like
he's been hitting the gym.
Oh. no. Keaton's still banned
for dropping that easy third
out last season.
See? That's what
we're talking about.
Can't you just
get a C-section now?
-Just once.
-Thank you for checking. Okay.
That's such a good idea.
I'm gonna do that.
I'm gonna get a C-section so we
can win the interdepartmental
softball game.
-Okay. is that sarcasm
or contempt?
-Contempt.
Hey. All right. listen up.
email from Pete.
"Tissue samples
came back from the lab."
"The hair and blood
came from a skunk."
A skunk? Crime scene
didn't smell like skunk at all.
Could be a pet skunk.
Their owners remove
their anal glands.
-How do you know that?
-And who would keep
a pet skunk?
I think the more important
question is who would
kill someone over a pet skunk?
Oh. Maybe this lady.
Daphne Bell.
She goes by Skunk Mother.
She rehabilitates
injured skunks
and has over 40
on her property.
and it's less than a mile away
from the crime scene.
Let's bring in
the Skunk Mother.
Let's do it.
Serial killer team-ups
are typically couples.
siblings. close friends.
My guess is these two have
known each other a long time.
Both felt ignored.
disrespected.
decided to take vengeance.
Textbook injustice collectors.
Exactly. It's a power trip.
Control the environment.
Toy with the victims.
Leave your smarty-pants
murder weapon trophies
and walk away feeling like
masters of the universe.
I think that
Brent Shipley was killed
by someone he knew.
We make a list
of all of his known associates.
maybe one of them will
cross-reference with Hornbaker.
I don't know.
Something tells me
these targets weren't personal.
Victims could be anyone.
It's the act themselves
that are the point.
Okay.
then what's the through line?
Maybe it's access.
One of the killers
is the mastermind alpha.
Other offers
something of value.
A way to find victims.
Your stupid friend Paul
is blowing up your case.
Hi. I'm Paul Campano
from Campano Motors.
And I'm asking you
to help me find a murderer.
-[sighs]
-He was last seen
on Southwest Magnolia Avenue
in Alpharetta at 4:00 a.m.
on Wednesday morning.
Anyone with
credible information
leading to his capture
will receive 15% off
at Campano Motors.
-[scoffs]
-Please use
my Call Paul hotline.
Thanks. Paul.
Paul. what are you doing?
Hanging up my wanted posters.
You wanna help?
You are really God's perfect.
stupid little creature.
Eli's telling everybody
that I killed Joelle.
I've worked too hard
to bounce back after
what happened to my family.
I can't start over again.
Would you stop?
If this is really the killer.
the first thing he's gonna do
is shave off his beard.
And also. you're telling
the killer who you are.
where you work.
and that you can ID them.
-Killers don't watch TikTok.
Trent.
-[engine revving]
-Get down!
Were you hit?
[grunts] Ah. No.
I'm good. I'm good.
-[radio chatter]
-[camera clicking]
-You okay?
-No.
My sex buddy's dead.
and I just got shot at.
Yeah. well. you're still alive.
Hey. you find
that third bullet?
I'm still looking. but I boxed
and tagged two. 9mm for sure.
Well. look at the bright side.
Paul.
At least now we know
you're not a suspect.
That's true.
Except now I'm a marked man.
Marked for death.
There's no safe place for me.
I bet there's somewhere
you can go.
[♪ "Very Best Thing" playing]
Do you know
what sleeping on a couch
will do to my spinal alignment?
Oh. please.
Your track record with women.
this can't be your first couch.
-Hey.
-All right. come on.
Dinner's ready.
-[Betty whines]
-[knocks on door]
Can you get that?
Me? [stammers] What if
it's one of the killers?
APD is curbside all night
watching our backs. We're fine.
Oh. my God. you whore.
So... [chuckling]
I hear you're still an idiot.
You guys are having a baby?
This is crazy.
I mean. I did call it
when we were kids.
PeePee Percy
owes me two dollars.
-Paul.
-So. when's the shower?
-I can get you
a top-of-the-line car seat...
-Paul.
...easy installation.
cup holders.
My dealership
gets a great discou--
It's not my baby.
Okay? Angie's married.
Not to me.
He's a doctor. Very charming.
He likes worms. His wife died.
He didn't do it. It was cancer.
-I wish I found
a better way to say this.
-Very accurate.
[Will] What are you
doing here. Ang?
I heard about
today's little shoot-out.
so. uh.
I came to hear all about it.
How is it that every time
the two of you get together.
something crazy happens?
To be fair.
something crazy happens first.
which then typically
brings us together.
-Chicken and the egg.
-[Angie chuckles]
This looks great.
[chuckles]
Boy. I'd love to see the look
on Mrs. Flannery's face
if she saw the three of us
sitting here.
Yeah. She'd pass out
from shock. that's for sure.
So. uh.
do we all have our hankies?
-Oh.
-Please.
-I don't leave home without it.
-Always.
-Salud.
-[Paul. Angie chuckling]
"Dab. don't rub. Like a lady."
We made her life
so much harder.
Especially this guy.
Tormenting me every day.
Oh. wait a minute. Trash.
You started it first.
What? What is this.
revisionist theater?
I clearly recall you
beating me up on the regular.
Yeah. 'Cause you had it coming!
-I had it coming?
How'd I have it coming--
-How's the case going?
We're close.
As soon as I figure out
what's connecting the victims.
things will start
going our way.
-So. Ang...
-Mmm?
Are we planning
on breastfeeding?
I'm sorry.
that's your business how?
Better for the baby.
I'll send you some podcasts.
-Please don't.
-Oh. studies show that
it benefits the mother
just as much.
I'm sure it does.
Especially.
you'll bounce back quicker.
You'll lose that weight like...
[snaps fingers] ...that.
I think his heart
is in the right place.
-Let's just say
he's consistent.
-But...
-Mm-hmm.
-Y-Yeah.
-I'm right here. guys.
-It's really on brand. though.
[♪ sinister music playing]
-[Will] The killer enjoyed it.
-[nail gun fires]
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
[gasps]
[Eduardo] Cobb County
Sheriff's Department calling.
-Cobb County
-[sighs]
[Will] This is Trent.
Could you just tell me
why this couldn't wait
till morning?
A detective
from Cobb County called.
There's another case
from two years ago
that might fit our pattern.
And you could've stayed
at the house.
You look like E.T.
E.T. go home. Will.
[Eduardo]
Martin Hill was killed
with steel hedge clippers
that belonged to him.
An autographed
Deion Sanders baseball bat
was stolen from the property.
Killed by his own
hedge clippers.
It was the first kill.
What's the connection
between these people?
Why would I choose to kill you?
[♪ sinister music playing]
[TV static crackling]
[James] I knew
you couldn't stay away.
Get a taste
of something you liked?
I'm not here to kill.
Mmm.
But you're so good at it. Look.
[water sloshing]
[James] Will. this is boring.
Do you not see
we have hedge clippers?
It's really hard
to stab through bone.
but once you do.
it's really satisfying.
Not interested. Now. can you
please go burn for eternity?
[groans. grunting]
One magnesium a day.
keeps the back pain away.
Will. you started this.
It wasn't me who made up
-some imaginary you
for playtime.
-[huffs]
-Why am I even here?
-Shut up.
No. this is who you are.
I'm not like you. okay?
I solve crimes.
I'm here for the victims.
Oh. stop with your do-gooder
crap. You can't hide from me.
You're here for the killers.
You like it.
You wanna stab that guy.
Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it.
Do it. Do it.
-Do it.
-[grunts]
[grunts]
So. is this what you want. huh?
-Oh. now we're talking.
sonny boy.
-[grunts]
-Is this what you want?
-I think it's what you want.
-[grunts]
-[squelching]
Yeah.
This is what I want.
No. [gasps]
No. no. no.
that's not what I meant.
I didn't mean to kill him.
-[Paul] Will.
-I meant to kill you.
-[gasps. panting]
Hey. Whoa.
-Will. Hey. Will. Hey. hey.
-[grunting]
I meant to kill you!
Will! Will. it's Paul!
It's Paul. It's okay.
[exhales. gasps]
Hey. It's okay.
You're here. you're here.
We're at GBI.
It's okay. Will.
[whines]
-It's too much.
-Okay. okay. wait. wait. wait.
Here.
Good girl. I got you.
[groans]
-Here.
-[breathing heavily]
Here's your dog.
Okay.
Okay. let's just. uh...
-[breathes deeply]
-Let's breathe. Long exhale.
-[Paul exhales]
-[breathing deeply]
That's good. That's good.
You're okay.
You're all good. buddy.
[sighs. chuckles]
Man.
Your job is tough.
Why do you put yourself
through this?
[sighing]
[♪ sinister music playing]
Anuli Springs Water.
What?
That's their way in.
That's how the killers
find their victims.
I admit to everything.
It was me. I'm prepared
to face the consequences.
All right.
let's start from the beginning.
My skunk Pernie.
short for Copernicus.
escaped from the yard again.
I chased him
down to the street.
calling his name.
but he didn't stop.
and I tried to get
the attention of the car
speeding down the road.
and he didn't stop either.
Uh. yeah. he didn't see you
because he was FaceTiming.
Well. he hit Pernie.
He hit my baby.
[shakily] And the man stopped
right away and got out.
but by then I was just so angry
that I picked up a rock.
and I threw it at his car
and. uh. I think
it cracked the windshield.
-I bet he didn't like that.
-No. he didn't.
He charged like
he was gonna hit me.
and I-I felt like
I was in danger...
so I pepper sprayed him
right in the eyes.
Wait. let me understand this.
Your skunks can't spray.
so you do?
I'm their mother.
I spray. so they don't have to.
Makes sense.
So what happened
after you sprayed?
[sighs] I scooped up Pernie
and got
the H-E-double-hockey-sticks
out of there.
-That's it?
-That's it.
Daphne. you said you were ready
to admit to everything.
I did.
Isn't that why I'm here?
I figured the man must have
pressed charges against me
for damaging his car
and pepper spraying him.
The man can't press charges
because he's dead.
What?
You didn't notice him having
an allergic reaction
to the pepper spray?
No. I just ran.
He-He was alive when I left.
[gasps] Am I going to jail?
Do prisons allow pets?
Oh. I need my babies.
[crying]
She broke the windshield.
So?
So...
Why can't I go with you?
Because you are a civilian.
I'm just getting records
of delivery schedules.
-Here.
-[♪ "Run Like the River"
playing on radio]
Sorry. I don't have
a bowl of water for you.
That's-That's really insulting.
Don't get out.
don't talk to anyone.
and don't touch anything.
♪ One hopeful road ♪
♪ That my mamma showed to me ♪
[sighs]
♪ From the moment
I first standed ♪
♪ I didn't know
Back there and then
She released me free ♪
♪ From that patched-up
Shackle-down ♪
Special Agent Will Trent
at the GBI.
Is there a manager around
I can talk to?
Uh...
Not a one. Special Agent Trent.
but what can I do for you?
Special Agent Paul Campano.
[chuckles]
Doesn't sound half bad.
I need delivery route info
from the last two years
along with corresponding
driver employee records.
Can you do that?
Well. that-that is definitely
gonna be a request
for a manager. Uh...
Let me see what I can dig up
on the computer.
You mind waiting here?
-No problem.
-Cool.
Hey. Mr. Anson.
Your neck's bleeding.
[chuckles] Thanks.
[♪ ominous music playing]
Eduardo. do an image search
for Blair Anson in Georgia.
[Eduardo] Searching.
[♪ tense music playing]
The third bullet was found
near the Paul Campano shooting.
Someone found it
in their mailbox.
The bullet was a .38.
not the 9mm
reported in the summary.
A crime scene specialist
would know the difference.
You think a GBI crime scene
specialist falsified evidence?
Travis Nash.
He was at the scene.
Amanda. It's him.
[♪ "Run Like the River"
continues on radio]
Hmm.
Yeah. there it is.
Paul Campano.
-How you doing?
-Hey. guy.
You were at the. uh...
-the crime scene yesterday.
right?
-Yeah. [chuckles] Yeah.
[♪ sinister music playing]
Now. how about we go inside
and see your friend?
-Hey. GBI. Get to the exit.
-Yes. sir.
[gunfire]
Blair Anson. I know about you
and your partner.
You guys thought
you made a great team. huh?
You knew how to get into homes.
he knew how to
clean up murders.
Nobody can ignore you now.
right?
Did you figure me out too.
Special Agent Trent?
Paul. are you okay?
Oh. sure. yeah.
Besides having this gun
to my head.
everything's peaches and gravy.
Oh. you don't know how long
I've been waiting for this.
[grunting]
[Travis] Get off!
Everyone thinks
you're such a hotshot.
I do all the work.
You get all the credit.
Make this easy on yourself.
Put down the knife.
You're always giving orders.
But you're not the one
in charge here.
Special Agent Trent.
[grunting]
So what?
You feel overlooked?
You think
that gives you a reason
to kill people in cold blood?
Yeah.
It does.
[grunting]
Do it. you freak.
Do it!
[groaning]
Is it over?
-Yeah. it's over.
-[sirens wailing]
Thank you so much
for coming back in. Luna.
We just...
We have one quick
follow-up question.
You said you were on the phone
with Ben when he hit something
-and that cracked
the windshield.
-Yeah.
But that's not what happened.
What? Yes. it is. [chuckles]
We talked to
the. uh. Skunk Mother.
The who?
Your boyfriend hit a skunk
that belonged to a woman
called the Skunk Mother.
She got mad.
threw a rock at the car
right as he was
getting out of it.
She threw a rock. So what?
So how did you know
the windshield was cracked?
You said Ben hung up the phone
before he got out of the car.
She didn't throw the rock
and break the windshield
until he was
getting out of the car.
So how did you know about it?
I figured that's what happened.
Guess you figured so much
you drove yourself
to the crime scene. huh?
What? What are you saying?
You think I had something
to do with Ben dying?
We pinged your phone
to the nearest tower
and saw that
you were in the area
of the crime scene
at the time of the murder.
and witnesses
at R. Thomas Grill say
you threatened to kill him.
Couples say crazy things
when they're mad.
-[Franklin] Mm-hmm.
-Yeah. Here's what I think
happened.
I think you followed him
while you were on the phone.
and you pulled over
when you saw his car stopped
in the middle of the road.
Imagine your surprise
to see Ben on the ground
having an allergic reaction
to pepper spray.
You could have saved him.
Instead. you walked over there
and stomped on his throat.
Was he cheating. Luna?
Did your man.
your man. your man
wanna call things off?
What made you so mad?
[scoffs]
I supported that bastard
through the pandemic.
He would've been on the street
if it weren't for me.
He just starts making
a little bit of money.
and then he wants to leave me
for a stripper
at Clermont Lounge.
[scoffs] He got off easy.
What's the matter
with you guys?
We caught the killer.
We exonerated the Skunk Mother.
All's right with the world.
-We still need a shortstop.
Polaski.
-It's over.
We looked everywhere.
There's nothing we can do.
-[elevator bell dings]
-[sighs]
Maybe we can settle
for a skunky mascot.
Daphne. Hi.
What are you doing here?
I'm dropping off
some thank-you cookies
for not charging me
with murder.
'Cause you didn't murder him.
Take the win. Polaski.
Oh. they're black and white.
of course. 'cause the...
Oh. and you'll be happy to know
that Pernie is on the road
to recovery.
Oh. good. This is Pernie here?
Oh. no. this is Crusemire.
-[Angie] Oh.
-Say hello. baby.
-Hey. Crusemire.
-[Angie] Hi.
-[chirrs]
-[all] Oh!
-Uh-oh. Okay.
-Crusemire!
-Oh. no. Okay.
-Oh. no.
-See if he went that way.
all right?
-What is that?
[Michael] It's okay.
He can't spray you.
Actually. he hasn't had
his anal glands removed yet.
You mean to tell me you brought
a loaded skunk into the APD?
That's how people get hurt.
[imitates skunk squealing]
[Franklin] Shh!
No sudden moves.
No loud noises.
There is a skunk. it's loose.
and it has its anal glands.
Crusemire.
[imitating skunk squealing]
How do we know
if it's gonna spray?
Oh. we're fine unless
he starts fluffing his tail.
-[chirrs]
-And he's fluffing.
[all gasping]
[♪ amusing.
tense music playing]
-Whoa.
Nice slide.
What's your name?
Officer Sam Atkins. sir.
You fresh out of the academy.
Sam?
First week here.
Well. congratulations.
You're the new shortstop
for the APD softball team.
You played ball before?
I played for Atlanta Tech.
I was actually recruited
to a Double-A team.
but I had a higher purpose.
-Yes. you do.
Hey. team loves hazing rookies.
so this is on you to handle.
Sammy.
Good luck.
Hmm. Heading home?
Yeah. early tee time
at the club.
-I am back. baby. [chuckles]
-[chuckles]
Hey. random thought.
you ever figure out how
those two guys knew each other?
Friends since
elementary school.
Tormented in arms. apparently.
Well. I guess we shouldn't be
so hard on ourselves. huh?
-[chuckles]
-Mmm.
Betty. I'm not taking you home.
Get out of there.
Why is your dog so hot for me?
Oh. I don't know.
Hey. Paul.
What did you mean
when you said I started it?
You really don't remember.
do you?
You beat me up first.
What? No. I did not.
Why would I make that up?
When I first got to the home.
I was so scared.
I-I didn't know anybody.
all the toys were broken.
And you came back
right after me.
Uh. you got kicked out
of a foster home
or something. right?
[♪ ominous music playing]
Sleeveless Jack.
I will shoot everyone
in this house!
[young Will] No!
No! Jack! No!
-[gunshot]
-[sobbing] I'm so sorry.
[♪ pensive music playing]
Well. I remember
picking up a toy gun
and asking you if you wanted
to play cops and robbers.
I pointed the gun at you.
and you just...
I mean. for whatever reason.
you just snapped.
I tackled you.
I beat you up.
[sighs]
Why couldn't I remember?
And you had this look
in your eye.
I didn't even
remember that part
until you came at me
this morning.
It was the same look.
Yeah. well.
you got me back for years.
Yeah. well. the best defense
is a good offense.
Couldn't let you
have the upper hand.
A year ago. I'd flat out deny
this ever happened.
[sighs]
But now I can't.
I'm trying so hard
to stay on the right path.
[♪ emotional music playing]
Not letting my past
control my future.
You know.
maybe I'm just lying to myself.
You're not lying.
These killers...
I don't know.
It's like I understood them.
The fear.
The rage.
I feel those same things.
Anybody who's been through what
we've been through
has a monster inside.
[♪ "Looking Too Closely"
playing]
But you've turned it
towards something good.
That's why you're different.
You're better than them.
It's the same.
Power over people.
Control over a situation.
I felt way too comfortable
inside their mind.
I nearly killed Nash.
I didn't have to. but. uh...
I wanted to.
-You can't let it win. Will.
You can't.
-[sighs]
Every day.
I try to get out of my own way.
so I can do
whatever it is I'm here to do.
You know? And some days I win.
some days I lose.
Some days I bang my neighbor.
and some days
I can't even get out of bed.
but I keep fighting.
You gotta keep fighting too.
[sighs]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm